#Displaying Messages

Now that we can leave messages, and have them 'persisted', or next step will be to display them when a users profile is being rendered. Currently we have a hard-coded message in this position - this is the relevant html fragment in views/PublicProfile/visit.html:

~~~html
        <h2> Messages </h2> 
        <ul> 
          <li>homer says..."What time is dinner?"</li>      
          <li>lisa says..."Where is my saxaphone?"</li>      
          <li>homer says..."Where are you?"</li>      
        </ul>  
~~~

In order to be able to display the messages in this div, we will first need to review how this page itself it rendered. Recall this page is loaded by the 'visit' method of the 'PublicProfile' class:

~~~java
  public static void visit(Long id)
  {
    User user = User.findById(id);
    Logger.info("Just visiting the page for " + user.firstName + ' ' + user.lastName);
    render(user);
  }
~~~

The call to 'render' passes the User object representing the user whose profile we are browsing. 

In order to display the message, we rework the html fragment we reviewed above, this time we are writing a simple loop to populate the html list:

~~~
        <div class="ui small header">Messages</div>
        <hr>
        <ul>
          #{list items:user.inbox, as:'message'}
            <li> 
              ${message.from.firstName} says...  ${message.messageText}
            </li>
          #{/list}
        </ul>
~~~

This is the most opaque of the 'template' code we have looked at so far. Its structure is difficulty to read, but you should be able to make out the essentials. The object 'usermessages' is being passed to the view, and in the view we do the following:

- determine if there are any messages in the object 
- if there are, generate a 'ul' element and..
- populate that  ul' with a collection of 'li' elements, containing..
- the first name of the message sender + the message text itself

Note how we navigate through the message object using '.' notation, e.g. 'usermessage.from.firstName' and 'usermessage.messageText'

Try leaving some messages now - and you should expect to see the messages immediately on the same page. Also, log out and log in as someone else. Leave some messages from this user. Log back in as the first user and see how the messages list grows.
