#Exercises

##Exercise 1: Active Tab

If you look at the nav bar you will notice that there is no concept of an 'active' tab as such. i.e. user cannot clearly see which tab they have just selected.

The reason of this is that none of the `<li>` elements are have `class="ui active item"` (check the lab05-project to see what this looks like).

~~~
<nav class="ui menu">
  <a class="ui active item" href="/home">Home</a>
  <a class="ui item" href="/members">Members</a>
  <a class="ui item" href="/profile">Profile</a>
  <a class="ui item" href="/login">Logout</a>
</nav>
~~~

See if you can make the necessary changes so that each menu item is activated appropriately.


##Exercise 2: Alternative Menu Styles

The Semantic UI framework has many easy to use and interesting menu variations:

- <http://semantic-ui.com/collections/menu.html>

See if you can trigger some of these styles. Try to get 'inverted' menus working for instance.

##2: Import Lab Solution into Eclipse

This is a solution to the lab:

- [spacebok-baseline](archives/spacebook-baseline.zip)

Download and extract this archive somewhere suitable on your PC. Make sure you know where! Once extracted, navigate to that folder in a Command Prompt. Then, type:

~~~
play eclipsify
~~~

You should get a suitable message. Back in eclipse, select 'File-Import->General->Existing project into workspace' and select the `folder` containing the project you have just extracted. Select the project and it will become another project in your workspace called 'spacebook-baseline'

Explore and run the project. It should be more or less the same as the one you have been building in this lab. Keep this project - and the solutions to each lab from now on - in your workspace alongside the version you will be evolving each week.
