#Lab09 Project

You should have a project from last weeks lab. If you dont have the project then this is a version (before the exercises) here

- [spacebook-part-3.zip](archives/spacebook-part-3.zip)

#Lab09 Exercise Solutions

##Exercise 1

Change the Profile controller/view to display the currently logged in users full name (not just the first name).

##Exercise 1 Solution

Change the profile controller as follows:

~~~java
  public static void index()
  {
    String userId = session.get("logged_in_userid");
    User user = User.findById(Long.parseLong(userId));
    render(user);
  }
~~~

Note we are passing the full user object to the view instead of just the name.

In views/Profile/index.html we can take advantage of this:

~~~html
  <h2 class="ui header">${user.firstName} ${user.lastName}'s Profile</h2>
~~~

##Exercise 2

In the user Profile view, see if you can figure out how to let the user see his/her  email. 

##Exercise 2 Solution

No need to change anything in the controllers/models - just append the email (in brackets) to the existing `<h2>`:

~~~html
  <h2 class="ui header">${user.firstName} ${user.lastName}'s Profile (${user.email})</h2>
~~~


##Exercise 4

Currently, every time we stop the application our database is cleared - and when we run again we have to register new users again. This can get tiresome and repetitive. Our framework comes with a simple mechanism for pre-loading our database if we want to hit the ground running with initial test data.

Create a file called 'data.yml' in the conf directory in the project, and incorporate the following contents into it:

~~~
User(homer):
    firstName: Homer
    lastName: Simpson
    email: homer@simpson.com
    password: secret
    
User(marge):
    firstName: Marge
    lastName: Simpson
    email: marge@simpson.com
    password: secret
~~~

Now create a new java class called 'Bootstrap' - directly in the the 'app' folder in your eclipse project. The class is to contain the following:

~~~java
import java.util.List;

import play.*;
import play.jobs.*;
import play.test.*;
 
import models.*;
 
@OnApplicationStart
public class Bootstrap extends Job 
{ 
  public void doJob()
  {
    Fixtures.deleteDatabase();
    Fixtures.loadModels("data.yml");
  }
}
~~~

Proceed with this now if you have not already done so.

When you restart the app, these two users should be already registered, so you should be able to log in immediately.
