#UserProfile View

Now we try to further evolve the 'UserProfile' class to somehow render information about the requested user - i.e. the user whose ID is passed as a parameter to the visit method.

The first step will be to see if we can use the id passed as a parameter to visit to retrieve user information from the database. This is relatively straightforward:

~~~java
  public static void visit(Long id)
  {
    User user = User.findById(id);
    Logger.info("Just visiting the page for " + user.firstName + ' ' + user.lastName );
    //render(name);
  }
~~~

In this code, we are asking the User model for a User object that matches the id:

~~~java
    User user = User.findById(id);
~~~

...and then we log the first and last names in this object to the console:

~~~java
    Logger.info("Just visiting the page for " + user.firstName + ' ' + user.lastName );
~~~

Save the java source, reload the page, and verify that when you click on the user in the home page a log message is displayed as expected:

~~~
13:14:25,183 INFO  ~ Just visiting the page for Marge Simpson
~~~

We can now attempt to pass this user object to the render method:

~~~java
    render(user);
~~~

Save everything, and browse to the friend from the home page again:

Note that many of the details are missing/incorrect. We will not be able to fix all of these yet (pictures or messages are not modeled in our database yet), however we should be able to display the users correct name, and perhaps their current status string.

First the users name - this is currently rendered in the banner:

~~~html
  <div class="ui small header"> ${name}'s Profile</div>
~~~

This should be changed to:

~~~html
  <div class="ui small header"> ${user.firstName} ${user.lastName}'s Profile</div>
~~~

We can also extend the view to also display the users status message. Insert a paragraph to show the status text just below the image:

~~~html
<p> ${user.statusText} </p>
~~~

Save and reload the profile page. There may not be a status message for this user, so logout, log in as the friend, change the status, and then log in as homer again and see if the status is being displayed. You should eventually see the message displayed

There are two major features remaining:

- Messages
- Profile Images

If we can integrate these two capabilities, then we will have completed a functioning 'dynamic' version of our static web site. i.e. we will have built a 'web app'.

