#CSS Classes

Open the deals.html file.

How would we style each heading 2 separately so that each bundle has a different colour text? Styling the `<h2>` element means that all `<h2>` elements are styled in the same way. We can define a class of elements, and then apply styles to any element that belongs to that class.

Go to the first h2 which holds the business bundle. This text we want to display as red. Add an attribute called class, with an id "special" to the `<h2>` element as below:

~~~html
  <h2 class="special">Business Bundle</h2>
~~~

The heading 2 above now belongs to the "special" class. We can now apply rules to that class of elements. To select a class in CSS, you write the selector like this:

~~~css

h2.special
{
  color: red;
}
~~~

This allows you to select all elements that belong to a particular class. Save your html file and your css file and reload the deals.html web page in your browser.

If you are having trouble with seeing the results in the browser it may be because the path to the style.css file is incorrect.
The link in the deals.html page must show as below:

~~~html
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../style.css" media="screen" />
~~~

If you also wanted the paragraph to be associated with the same heading 2 class to be red in colour then you add an extra selector to your css rule

~~~css
h2.special, p.special
{
  color: red;
}
~~~

You must also add the class name to the `<p>` element in your html file.

~~~css
<p class="special">
~~~

If we were to continue adding elements to a class this will get to be a lengthy process so we can write a rule for all the elements in a class:

~~~css
.special
{
  color: red;
}
~~~

This will ensure that all elements of the "special" class are coloured red.

Your CSS might now be:

~~~CSS
body
{
  font-family:sans-serif;
}

h1, h2
{
  color: gray
}

h1
{
  border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

em
{
  color:red;
}

p
{
  font-family:serif;
}

.special
{
  color: red;
}
~~~
