#Colours

Web colours are specified in terms of how much red, green, and blue make up the colour. You specify the amount of each colour from 0 to 100% and then add them all together to arrive at a final colour.

You can use the names of colours, but CSS defines the names of only 17 colours. That number limits the expressiveness of your pages. By specifying colours in red, green and blue, you can have access to sixteen million colours.

##Specifying Colour using colour names

The most straightforward way to describe a colour in CSS is just to use its name. For example to specify "silver" as the background colour of a body element:

~~~css
body
{
  background-color: silver;
}
~~~

CSS colour names are case-insensitive, so you can type silver, Silver, or SILVER and all of them will work. But you must spell the word colour in the american way "color"


##Specify in red, green and blue values.

If you want to specify an orange colour which consists of 80% red, 40% green and 0% blue:

~~~css
body
{
  background-color: rgb(80%, 40%, 0%);
}
~~~

or you can specify it as numeric values between 0 and 255. So 80% of 255 is 204, 40% of 255 is 102, and 0% of 255 is 0.

~~~css
body
{
  background-color: rgb(204, 102, 0);
}
~~~

##Specify colour using hex codes.

Each set of two digits of a hex code represents the red, green and blue of the colour. The first two represent red, the second two green and the last two blue.

~~~css
body
{
  background-color:  #cc6600;
}
~~~

Try out these colours on the web site. 

We would like to keep the silver colour for the background of this website.